so in this video we're gonna cover the
steps it takes to take a character that
has been successfully Auto rigged and
apply a motion pack to it using Nixon
ohm animations so once you have a
character that has been auto wrecked
Viet a fuse character or our character
of your own design you're gonna hit the
apply animation button and in the
applying act animation instead of
selecting a singular animation we're
actually going to be selecting a motion
pack so instead of selecting one of
these guys we're going to go up here at
the top and we're gonna select one of
our six motion packs available so I want
to take the basic shooter here it's
going to take a little bit longer to
load up a motion pack because a motion
pack Matalin contains all the animations
for the pack it also contains the logic
behind the pack so when you download a
motion pack you get the animations and
you get the logic behind the animations
to have it successfully work right away
inside of unity so here we are and once
our page is loaded you can see that we
have some key controls over here and
when you pull it when you select the
window and then you hit the key controls
your character will be moving around in
engine you'll notice that we also have a
few other options for selecting
different characters so if we want to
select any other characters if we decide
last minute to switch out where you have
the ability to do that and under the 3d
animations tab we can also see the all
the animations supplied in this motion
back and we can click on them to demo
them
once we're happy with our way our
character is moving around inside of
unity we can hit the download button
that's going to be taking us to the
download page so once we get to the
download page um the first thing you'll
notice right away is that there is an
option for controller data if you click
on this it's going to download a copy of
the logic associated and a test
character playing the animations but
this won't contain your specific
characters so in order to download your
character which you'll have to do is
select your motion pack and select any
of our download formats a zip of the FBX
will contain all the animations as well
as your character so I like to pick that
one right away you're more than welcome
to any of the other options as well so
once you hit down the road you're gonna
have two zips right away so now that we
have these characters downloaded what we
can do is we can unzip them and then
you'll put them into a local file of
your choosing and then you will bring
them inside of unity and I've already
done that so let's go straight to the
unity scene so here we are in unity you
can see I have my basic shooter already
open and the demo scene so when I hit
play our character will be moving around
as he was inside of the unity window on
mix mode calm however this is not our
character this is uh the mix of a test
character alpha but as you can see here
he does all the same animations as our
test character this is the motion pack
working inside of the engine so that
we've proven that the motion pack works
let's import our own character so one
order to do this we're gonna find our
character on our computer we're gonna
drag them right in and we're gonna drop
them this is going to import our
character into unity 3d so now that our
character has been imported we're gonna
drag our character into the scene and if
we hit play you'll notice that our
character that we just imported it is
not actually going to be animating we
can still move alpha around but our
character will not be animating so we
need to fix this so in order to fix this
what you're going to do is going to
click on our character we're going to go
into the rig option and we're going to
hit animation type humanoid we're then
going to apply and this is going to
generate a new avatar for our character
once it's been completed we're gonna
select our character and drag them into
the scene now under our character we're
gonna click on our character we're going
to go to our controller now and we are
going to go to asset basic shooter
roller double-click on this and it will
now appear in an air controller after
this we will add our scripting logic
which is entitled the same as your PAC
basic shooters controller and now when
we hit play our character will be
animating using the animations and the
same controls as a unity one web 3d
window you don't have to have alpha in
the scene you can delete alpha I just
like to leave them in for a test to
compare the two animations and show that
the retargeting is working as intended
so this is did a very quick tutorial
showing you how to take a character that
you have successfully Auto rigged from
maximum apply a motion pack and download
it and have it work perfectly an engine
hope you learn something have a good one